docs: Added multiselect to input schema specification (#713)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/actor_definition/input_schema/specification.md

Editor type `requestListSources` supports input in formats defined by the [sources](https://crawlee.dev/api/core/interface/RequestListOptions#sources) property of [RequestListOptions](https://crawlee.dev/api/core/interface/RequestListOptions).

Editor type `globs` maps to the Crawlee's [GlobInput](https://crawlee.dev/api/core#GlobInput) used by the [UrlPatterObject](https://crawlee.dev/api/core#UrlPatternObject).

> Editor type `select` gives the user option to pick items from a select allowing multiple choices. Please check this example of how to define the multiselect field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editor type `select` allows the user to pick items from a select, providing multiple choices. Please check this example of how to define the multiselect field:
```

```json
{
    "title": "Multiselect field",
    "description": "My multiselect field",
    "type": "array",
    "editor": "select",
    "items": {
        "type": "string",
        "enum": ["value1", "value2", "value3"],
        "enumTitles": ["Label of value1", "Label of value2", "Label of value3"]
    }
}
```

> To correctly define options for multiselect, you need to define the `items` property and then provide values and optionally labels in `enum` and `enumTitles` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly define options for multiselect, you need to define the `items` property and then provide values and (optionally) labels in `enum` and `enumTitles` properties.
```
